doc: Document reusing payload (de)coders, note about TTIG migration (#458)
TheThingsNetwork/docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/migrate-to-v3/_index.md

This guide was written to explain the overall migration process of migrating from The Things Network V2 to The Things Stack Community Edition in a several easy-to-follow steps.

> {{< note >}} Since version 3.13 of The Things Stack(released in May, 2021), The Things Network V2 routes traffic back and forth to The Things Stack Community Edition. When migrating your gateways to The Things Stack Community Edition, the coverage of the public community network will not be impacted. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} Since version 3.13 of The Things Stack (released in May, 2021), The Things Network V2 routes traffic back and forth to The Things Stack Community Edition. When migrating your gateways to The Things Stack Community Edition, the coverage of the public community network will not be impacted. {{</ note >}}
```

> {{< info >}} 

Reviewer: just use `note`, there's no point in having both. i'm going to remove the info shortcode.

```suggestion
{{< note >}} 
```

    var temperature = bytes[0] | bytes[2];  
    return {
        temperature: temperature;
    }
}
```

then your uplink payload formatter function in The Things Stack should be:

```js
function decodeUplink(input) {
    var bytes = input.bytes;
    var temperature = bytes[0] | bytes[2];
    return {
        temperature: temperature;
    }
}
```

{{</ note >}}

See more info on how to <a href="https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/integrations/payload-formatters/" target="_blank">write payload formatters</a> and <a href="https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/integrations/adding-integrations/" target="_blank">add integrations</a> in The Things Stack Community Edition. 

## Ready for Migration

Next, you need to migrate your end device(s) to The Things Stack Community Edition.

{{< info >}} This guide refers only to The Things Network V2 and The Things Stack Community Edition deployments. The full migration process that covers all V2 and The Things Stack deployments is described <a href="https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/getting-started/migrating/migrating-from-v2/" target="_blank">here</a>. {{</ info >}}

Migrating end devices can be easily done using:

> - The Things Stack Community Edition <a href="https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/getting-started/console/" target="_blank">Console</a> (s)ee [Migrate End Devices using The Things Stack Community Edition Console]({{< ref "/the-things-stack/migrate-to-v3/migrate-using-console">}}) guide for details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Things Stack Community Edition Console. See [Migrate End Devices using The Things Stack Community Edition Console]({{< ref "/the-things-stack/migrate-to-v3/migrate-using-console">}}).
```

> - `ttn-lw-migrate` tool (see [Migrate End Devices using the Migration Tool]({{< ref "/the-things-stack/migrate-to-v3/migrate-using-migration-tool">}}) guide for details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ttn-lw-migrate` tool. See [Migrate End Devices using the Migration Tool]({{< ref "/the-things-stack/migrate-to-v3/migrate-using-migration-tool">}}).
```
